feat(suppression): syntax rules suppression (#5619)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/breezy-fans-push.md

---

> "@biomejs/backend-jsonrpc": minor
> "@biomejs/biome": minor
> "@biomejs/cli-darwin-arm64": minor
> "@biomejs/cli-darwin-x64": minor
> "@biomejs/cli-linux-arm64": minor
> "@biomejs/cli-linux-arm64-musl": minor
> "@biomejs/cli-linux-x64": minor
> "@biomejs/cli-linux-x64-musl": minor
> "@biomejs/cli-win32-arm64": minor
> "@biomejs/cli-win32-x64": minor
> "@biomejs/js-api": minor
> "@biomejs/wasm-bundler": minor
> "@biomejs/wasm-nodejs": minor
> "@biomejs/wasm-web": minor
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"@biomejs/biome": minor
---
```

Only this one is enough

Author: Updated

> Suppression of syntax rules
> 
> Added support for suppressing fully resolved syntax rules that run before linting or format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for suppressing syntax rules. Syntax rules are particular rules meant **to complement the parser**, hence they can't be configured.
```

Author: Updated

> Biome now allows an escape hatch if a syntax rule needs to be suppressed due to a bug or too-narrow syntax rule for a given
> project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Biome now allows to suppress those rules. This can, for example, be useful in case the rule is affected by a bug. However, this is more an escape hatch, so if a syntax rule requires a suppression, please file an issue.
```

Author: Updated

Example:

```typescript
// biome-ignore syntax/correctness/noTypeOnlyImportAttributes: bug
import type { MyType } from "my-esm-pkg" with { "resolution-mode": "import" };
```

> Biome also now fully processes suppressions before evaluating any rules.

Reviewer: I'm not sure this is something the users are interested in. It seems more like an implementation detail.

However, if you think it's worth speaking about, let's create a new changeset, because it's something unrelated to the previous feature

Author: If this is meant to be user facing, then I can remove it.  Thanks for clarifying!

Author: Updated
